
51. how do we use html inside js files in react?
  we dont directly use html elements but
   If you write a div in JSX, it's actually the equivalent of calling React.createElement().
 
56.Following are the advantages of using JavaScript − 
   https://www.edureka.co/blog/interview-questions/javascript-interview-questions/
   find(Q6. What are the advantages of JavaScript?)

57. nameing convention in javascript
  https://www.edureka.co/blog/interview-questions/javascript-interview-questions/
  find(Q17. What are the variable naming conventions in JavaScript?)

56. what are typed languages
   https://www.edureka.co/blog/interview-questions/javascript-interview-questions/
   find(Q26. What is a Typed language?)

57.What is the difference between null & undefined?
   Undefined means a variable has been declared but has not yet been assigned a value. 
   On the other hand, null is an assignment value. It can be assigned to a variable as a 
   representation of no value. Also, undefined and null are two distinct types: undefined 
   is a type itself (undefined) while null is an object.

58.What is the difference between window & document in JavaScript?
  find(Q32. What is the difference between window & document in JavaScript?)

59. Explain the role of deferred scripts in JavaScript

Example: "The parsing for HTML code while the page is loading waits by default until the scripts have paused executing. 
If your server is a little slow or the script is specifically heavy, then your webpage can take more time to load. 

When deferred is used, scripts delay the execution till the time the HTML parser is running. 
This lessens the apparent loading time of web pages by allowing the starting part of the page to load fast."

60. What is the use of break and continue statements in JavaScript?
These two terminologies relate to the looping aspect of programming. Consider explaining how the break and continue 
statement affect the loop differently.

Example: "The break statement jumps out from a running loop, whereas the continue statement allows the loop to keep 
running after breaking just one iteration. Both statements allow writing a complex loop function with various potential 
results and required actions based on a given function outcome."

