
41. currying
   snippets with below mentioned names in brave browser
   currying with bind
   currying with closures

42.difference between uncontrolled and controlled component

  Controlled components in React are those in which form data is handled by the component’s state or reacts state.

  Uncontrolled components are those for which the form data is handled by the DOM itself. “Uncontrolled” 
   refers to the fact that these components are not controlled by React state.

43. confusion with var scope
  https://stackoverflow.com/questions/55444113/what-is-function-scoped-variables-var-and-block-scoped-variables-in-es6

44. media query
   @media only screen and (orientation: landscape) 

45.difference between slice and splice
  S LICE = Gives part of array & NO splitting original array
  SP LICE = Gives part of array & SPlitting original array

46. difference between .map and .forEach array
  The main difference between map and forEach is that the map method returns a new 
  array by applying the callback function on each element of an array, 
  while the forEach method doesn't return anything.

47. disadvantage of useing useContext api
   any time the value provided on Context changes, all of its children will re-render, which can hurt performance.

48. why are keys necessary in while useing map 
   Because keys tell React which element or component is which in a list.
   Otherwise, if we were to try to change items in this list by inserting more or editing them in some way, 
   React wouldn’t know the order to put them in.
   This is because React takes care of all of the business of updating the DOM for us (using a virtual DOM), 
   but keys are necessary for React to update it properly.

49. What is a ref? How do you use it?
  A ref is a reference to a DOM element in React.
  Refs are created with the help of the useRef hook and can be immediately placed in a variable.
  This variable is then passed to a given React element (not a component) 
  to get a reference to the underlying DOM element (that is, div, span, and so on).
  The element itself and its properties are now available on the .current property of the ref.

50. why are react fragments used?
  https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/react-interview-questions-to-know/
  find(5. What are React Fragments used for?)
